Do not log grpc envoy receiver client-side streaming cancellation as errors (#9843)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* [**Breaking Change**] Support new records query protocol, rename the column named `service_id` to `entity_id` for support difference entity.
  Please re-create `top_n_database_statement` index/table.
* Remove improper self-obs metrics in JvmMetricsHandler(for Kafka channel).

> * Client-side grpc stream envoy metrics receiver is not logged as an error when client cancels the stream. Client 
>   cancels the stream when the pod is terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* gRPC stream canceling code is not logged as an error when the client cancels the stream. The client 
  cancels the stream when the pod is terminated.
```
